When we first proposed spotR, the goal was to create an app that would be easy to use, knowledgeable in workout information, not too user-reliant, but most of all, a useful tool for anyone who wants to plan their workouts in a fun, yet rewarding way. The concept came from a friend of Richmond’s who complained about all the non-satisfactory workout apps on the market today. “Every one of them does one thing right, but a million things wrong.” This is how spotR was born. 
	<br>This app, when first proposed, was comprised of 4 basic functionalities, 2 expected functionalities, and 3 extra functionalities. The group was also comprised of three members as opposed to the present two. Our design was intended to be implemented in two separate phases. For the first phase, the focus was on implementing the base functionalities by the assigned deadline. The same goes for the second phase with the expected functionalities and extra functionalities only if it was judged that there was time to implement them by the final presentation. 
	<br>While implementing this project, many challenges were faced, and many were overcome, but not all of them. Some challenges we faced came with designing a nice dynamic UI interface to house the workouts, sets, and reps that the user could add, modify, and delete. Over the course of the whole project, this proved to be one of the most difficult tasks because when we initially designed the UI, we did not set up the modules to modify the database or even to repopulate easily. Looking back, that is the biggest regret I have of designing this project. 

<h3>Read more by downloading the file named CS4322_Mobile_Development_Project_Final_Report</h3>
